[12.0][BR000275][MIG] Migrate website_certificate from 8.0 to 12.0 (#241)
Elico-Corp/odoo-8.0: website_certificate/README.rst

> .. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg

Reviewer: please fix the badge.
Switch to LGPL

    :alt: License

===================
Website Certificate
===================

This module aims to display company multi certificate information at the bottom right of website.

Installation
============

To install this module, you need to:

 * have basic modules installed (website, base)

> Configuration

Reviewer: remove

=============

To configure this module, you need to:

 * No specific configuration needed.

Usage
=====

> Configure the company Certificate information in website setting, then you can see the Certificate information display at the bottom right of website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the company Certificate information:

 #. Go To website setting, 
 #. Set up the information related to the certificates.
 #.  you can see the Certificate information display at the bottom right of the website.
```

> For further information, please visit:

Reviewer: remove
